>> Erik Reinert: Okay,
while this is running in the background,
the next thing we wanna do is
we wanna add some kind of tests.
I don't wanna just build something, I'd
actually like to test something, right?
And so the only thing we
can truly test right now,
because the application doesn't have
tests itself, are the migrations.
So let's at least be sure that our
migrations are written right and
work, right?
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna
actually add a whole new job and
we're gonna call it test.
Now test, if you look closely,
needs build.
That means that test will never run
unless build is successful, right?
But that's what we want.
The reason why we want that is because we
wanna use the same image again, right?
So we also can't run that image
until it's been built, right?
So we say, okay, build runs on Ubuntu
latest, just like it did before.
There you go.
You can see my push was successful now,
right, so
I've successfully pushed
my SHA up to the cloud.
That specific SHA version,
right, now I wanna run it.
So what we do is we say, hey, well,
because I'm on a brand new runner,
I first wanna pull it, right?
So again,
the reason why we have that make file is
to make these commands easier to use.
So sure enough, there you go,
there's our make build image poll.
So we make sure it has access,
we give it the access credentials for
that command, right?
The next thing we do, look,
we, we do makeup, right,
literally the exact same
commands that we run locally.
We can run in CI and
then we run build image migrate, right?
So this will use the build image and
it'll run a migration inside of it, right?
And then, because we can add these
environment variables per command or
per step, we add hard coded
GOOSE_DBSTRING as well as goose driver.
The reason why this is hard coded is
because this is meant to be local
migrations.
It's meant to run locally in Docker and
all that stuff.
You could put it in a config
value if you wanted to, but
the reality of it is you're probably
never gonna change it, right?
It's just test credentials.
It doesn't really matter too much.
You can either leave it here or
you can do whatever you want.
But the last thing is make down, right?
The reason why we have if always is
in the off chance that the pipeline
doesn't work for some reason,
or we have a failure.
At least we always make sure that
the containers get stopped at the end of
the job, right?
Very simple, very simple job.
What makes this really possible,
to be 100% clear with you, and
why a lot of people probably don't run
migrations in their pipelines versus us
doing it is because we made
it easy to run [LAUGH].
Right, we made it easy to run.
We put all the most complex commands and
everything in the makefile, right?
So it's like if it's easy to run,
then we can easily run it anywhere.
So just to throw that out there
that you might be like, well,
we don't run migrations.
That might be why it might be
really hard to run migrations, but
it doesn't mean that you still
shouldn't test them, right?
So what we're gonna do now is we're
gonna add that and then I'm going to
add a commit that says setup, test,
job and I'm going to push this up.
And now we're going to go
to our pipeline again.
So now if I go here and remember, every
time I add a new job to my pipelines,
that's going to be run every
time I do a new push, right?
One thing to note as well
about this is you'll notice
that we have to rebuild the image from
scratch every single time, right?
There's ways of getting around that.
I didn't include that because honestly,
I want you guys to play.
I want you guys to take this play,
improve it, because I'm gonna be real,
there's tons of improvements that
can be made even off of this, right?
I'm only really showing you
how to get it out the door and
how to get to that optimization stage.
In this case, what I would recommend,
for example, is you could make it so
that before this starts,
you always pull latest, right?
You'll have some build cache of some sort.
You may not have all the build cache,
but you may have a lot of the stuff
that again, depending on your changes.
Like we talked about before,
if you only changed a template and
you didn't change the binary itself,
then that won't also run in CI, right?
So that caching becomes portable now too,
to where you can benefit
from it in multiple places.
So yeah, I would say if you just
threw in a Docker image poll latest,
you'd probably make this pipeline go 30%,
60% faster just because
the cache is there.
But again, I wanted to do this to
show you and be able to explain and
you can see the value of that
would be as well, right?
You could literally save money
by just adding a single command.
Cool, so our build step worked and
was successful.
And if I go to the Summary,
you can see, there it is.
My build step is successful.
Now I'm gonna click on Test.
And now, we have test running, and so
there you go, it ran my image pull, right?
It got the SHA that it expected and
now it's actually bringing up
the environment and it failed, okay.
So the reason why this failed is
because I know exactly what it is.
The problem is that when
we do docker compose up,
we expose the ports via proxying, but
when we run the containers directly,
we actually run them on host.
So the local hosts are not the same,
they're two separate local hosts.
So what it's trying to do is it's trying
to connect to the local host on the host,
but it's not there.
It's trying to go through a proxy
that's not working and so it's failing.
Basically, it's trying to go
through itself and dying.
I really wanna use host, so
I'm just gonna use what works.
Yeah, I'm just gonna
use network_mode: host.
I was going to try and
do it a different way, but
I think for now I'm just gonna
use the network_mode: host.
That seems to be the problem here.
So just gonna do that and push that up,
and this should work for both.